What do you call a bear with no teeth? -- A gummy bear!
I once farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels.
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months? -- The box said 2-4 years!
What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? Snowballs.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea; does that mean that one enjoys it?
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
You shall not pass!
I gave all my dead batteries away today. Free of charge!
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it!
Can february march? No, but april may.
Why was the scarecrow promoted? Because he is outstanding in his field.
Why don't oysters give to charity? 'Cause they're shellfish!
Tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist!
Why did the snowman call his dog frost? 'Cause the frost bites!
Why shouldn't you play poker in Africa? Because of all the cheetahs.
Don't play poker with the world's fastest animal.... 'cause he's a cheetah!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other... is a little lighter.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I tried to join the army, but they said they didn't want to win that badly.
Yesterday I almost drowned in the pool. The experience was breathtaking!
What do you call someone without body and a nose? Nobody knows!
Why does Waldo always wear stripes? 'Cause he doesn't want to be spotted!
How did the trees feel in spring? Releaved!
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents!
What's great about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Don't listen to atoms. They make up everything.
Love is like wifi. You can't see it but you know when you've lost it.
Pick up line for grandpa: Hey baby! You'd better call the hospital, 'cause I've fallen for you and can't get up.
I usually wear glasses while I'm having sex, to protect my eyes from the pepper spray.
I used to think air is free. Then I bought a bag of potato chips.
My girlfriend started smoking the other day. So I slowed down and applied some lubrication.
What starts with 'R' and end with a sentence? Rape.
Is it normal that one of my testicles is smaller than the other two?
What is Mozart doing these days? Decomposing.
If animals weren't meant to be eaten, they shoudn't have been made of food.
Mom used to say "boys will always be boys". Then she visited Thailand.
If I had one dollar for every girl that told me I was unattractive, they'd eventually find me attractive.
"I'm sick of all this airline food!" - Malaysian Shark
Why do native-americans hate snow? It's white and on their land.
It's been 2 years and I'm still searching for my ex's killer. Finding a hitman is hard these days.
What's difference between MJ and Disney movies? Disney movies still touch kids.
Chloroform + No = Yes.
Birthdays are great, but too many will kill you.
A few years ago Paul Walker was all over the radio... and the dashboard and the seats...
"That's a boy!" - Great thing to hear at a maternity ward, not so great at a Thai Brothel.
What's the point of having a female dog if you ain't gonna name her Karma?
How are babies different from feminazis? Babies grow up and stop crying.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can pay the abortion bill.
When I was little, I cried when I saw mom cut up Onion in the kitchen. I miss Onion, he was a good cat.
What's the best thing about people who use too much deodorant? They're easy to set on fire.
A real friend is like a jet ski. I always wanted a jet ski...
Science has proven that teen pregnancy stops after the age of 20.
Where do people go after they die? Good people: Heaven. Bad people: Hell.  Bombers: Everywhere.
What did the Syrians use to light their homes before candles? Electricity.
I attempted suicide this morning. Almost died!
Bombers just want peace. One piece here, one piece there.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the whole rest of your life to fix it!
I have a gun by my bed. So in the event of an intruder, I can shoot myself to avoid having to interact with a human being.
Welcome to the Plastic Surgery Addiction Clinic. I can see a lot of new faces here tonight, and I've gotta say, I'm pretty dissapointed.
Crazy ex-girlfriends are like a box of chocolates... They'll kill your dog.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATHE!
Why do they call them thunder storms and not lightning storms? Thunder storms just sound better
Capitalization is the difference between helping your uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
I wanted to make a joke about quantum superpositions. But I couldn't decide on one.
I've decided to marry a pencil. I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride-2B.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Mickey Mouse: "Doc, my knee hurts!" - "Which knee?" - "Disney"
All archaeological discoveries are groundbreaking.
Alcohol makes more people than it kills.
Why did the computer crash? 'Cause it had a bad driver!
